# Agenda

## General

- Sorry we're all so slammed at the moment
- Sudden rush of BD activity, and project work all at once
- If you're twiddling thumbs or have stuff you want to do, please nudge me!

## Progress

- Nice one on courses
- Next planned course: Survival analysis?
- Settling in ok?
- Any concerns?

## Tasks

In summary, we're going to be busy for the next month and are going to be
working together on 2-3 different projects at once.

### UCB

- The "boring" bit needs doing i.e. standard model QC stuff)
- Think about checklist items you would use for any CE model that are not
already included in `test_that` blocks. I'm sure you will have done this before
for excel models!
  - Disease model
    - All summing to 1 in the trace? NOTE: here we might need to work together
    to actually generate a saved trace object which we can inspect offline to
    check this!
    - Trajectories make sense? NOTE: you could potentially add a graph to the
    shiny app here or a `print(head(x))` type thing so you can just see it in
    the app - that might be easier considering how it's currently structured 
    - No empty states, weird transitions or anything of that nature?
  - Costs
    - sources up to date?
    - application correct for all treatments? NOTE: I noticed some seem to be
    injections or vials but have 0 admin cost. Could we check those in case wrong?
    - RDI taken into account? dose breaks? dose rotation/scheduling? Down
    dosing, titration, etc.?
  - Utility
    - gpop adjustment? Using old Ara & Brazier or NICE DSU update? Is the method
      correct (i.e., using a multiplier compared to age and sex adjusted
    baseline, taking gpop mortality and the shift in sex distribution over time
    into account)?
    - applied correctly? additive? multiplicative? what is appropriate for this
    model?


### AZ VBA modelling

- I have been working on adding in the changes they made to the excel model
- They made more changes than they told me so trying to put those through at the
  same time
- You can carry on trying to read that code if you want, but better time use
might be doing the courses for now

### AZ scoping review

- We have now won this
- Jieling sent us a list of "known" literature, which we can immediately start
working through in terms of what we can compare the existing model to
- You can help me a great deal with this, but it does require a working
knowledge of the model
- Therefore, could you please look at v9 of the Excel model to start to get your
head around it, then have a top-level look at the R code so you have a
functional understanding? The info pages will help a lot here so you have the
conceptual model, treatment pathway and so on in your head
- The most important thing is the comparability of the baseline populations, and
the trajectories that are actually modelled in the Excel model (plus that this
model does the correlation between them via calibration etc.)
- We should start to map out a tabular format for determining whether the
literature already shared with us (remind me to get you access to that folder)
is comparable with the model as we have it now. I would really value some help
with this as with all the other items going on at the same time it's a bit
overwhelming

### AZ external validation

- We have also won this
- This means we have to actually conduct the validation that we are scoping out
  in the scoping review!
- Thus, we have to be careful what we say in the review because we need to
follow through on it
- Again we'll be working together on this, probably to write separate scripts
in the repository to set up and run the model to get specific validation outputs
(e.g., does this trajectory for thing X match up reasonably well with what Y
model predicts in Z population)






